Local -

Welcome to Local Your ultimate tool for setting alarms based on your location and never missing a beat. With Location Alarm, you can effortlessly set alarms tied to specific locations, ensuring you're always reminded when you're in the vicinity. Whether it's picking up groceries on the way home or remembering to water your plants when you're near, Local has you covered.

Features:
Background Location Scanning: Our app constantly scans your location in the background, ensuring that you're always up to date on your whereabouts.

SQLite Integration: Seamlessly save your alarms using SQLite, ensuring they're stored securely and efficiently.

Location-Based Alarms: Set alarms based on your current location, allowing you to receive notifications when you're within a specified range.

Notification Alerts: Receive timely notifications when you're in proximity to one of your saved alarms, keeping you on track with your tasks.

Tech stack:
React Native: Built using the power of React Native, allowing for a smooth and intuitive user experience across iOS and Android platforms.

Expo: Developed with Expo, making it easy to build, deploy, and manage our app without the hassle of native code configurations.

TypeScript: Leveraging TypeScript for robust type-checking and enhanced code maintainability.

How to start:
Local is not yet in the public release. You can test it by running developer version via steps bellow.

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
git clone https://github.com/your-username/location-alarm-app.git
Navigate to the project directory.

2. In the project's directory install required dependencies:
npm install
# or
yarn install

3. Start the Expo development server.
npm start
# or
npx expo start (depending on the version of your expo)
# or
yarn start

4.Open the Expo Go app on your mobile device and scan the QR code generated by the development server to preview the app.
